API-8253: default value in lc3 props (#839)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/management/configuration-api/v3.3/index.mdx

- by defining a set of values explicitly allowed in this property (for example `[1, 2, 3]`).
- by defining a range. All values within the range are allowed in this property. It works only for numeric types (for example a range from `1` to `3`).

## Property default value

> If the value of a property has not been set explicitly then **default value** will be returned, if any.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a property value hasn't been explicitly set, then the **default value** will be returned, if any.
```

> The **default value** of the property, can be set during property registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **default value** of a property can be set during [property registration](#register-property) as the `deafult_value` parameter.
```

> The **default value** of a property can be set during [property registration](#register-property) as the `deafult_value` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **default value** of a property can be set during [property registration](#register-property) as the `default_value` parameter.
```

| `range` __*__              | No                  | `object`   | Range of values that properties can be set to                                         |
| `range.from`               | No                  | `int`      | Only values **equal** or **greater** than this parameter can be set to this property  |
| `range.to`                 | No                  | `int`      | Only values **equal** or **lower** than this parameter can be set to this property    |

> | `default_value`            | No                  | `type`     | Default value of property, validated by **domain** or **range** if one exists         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `default_value`            | No                  | `type`     | Default value of a property; validated by **domain** or **range**, if one exists.         |
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe it's worth mentioning that it's only possible for group and license (property locations) 🤔 ?

| `range` __*__              | No                  | `object`   | Range of values that properties can be set to                                         |
| `range.from`               | No                  | `int`      | Only values **equal** or **greater** than this parameter can be set to this property  |
| `range.to`                 | No                  | `int`      | Only values **equal** or **lower** than this parameter can be set to this property    |
| `default_value` __**__     | No                  | `type`     | Default value of property; validated by **domain** or **range**, if one exists        |

__*)__ Only one `domain` and one `range` can be set for a single property.

> __**)__ Register is possible only if `access.<location>` set to `license` or `group`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__**)__ Registering a property is possible only if `access.<location>` is set to `license` or to `group`.
```

Reviewer: So if you want to access a property from chat you need to register it for license/group + chat?

Author: registering chat / thread / event property is not possible with default value

Reviewer: ok, ok, I forgot it's only for a property with default value :D

Author: yes, my description was little bit wrong but i fixed it now should be more clear :)

### List License Properties

Returns the properties set within a license.

> For properties without explicit property value assignment, will return default values if exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For properties without an explicit value assignment, the method will return the default values (if they exist).
```

  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your_access_token>' \
  -d '{

>       "namespace": "0",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "namespace": "0805e283233042b37f460ed8fbf22160",
```

### List Group Properties

Returns the properties set within a group.

> For properties without explicit property value assignment, will return default values if exists.

Reviewer: The same as above

  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your_access_token>' \
  -d '{
      "id": 1,

>       "namespace": "0",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "namespace": "0805e283233042b37f460ed8fbf22160",
```

Reviewer: namespace "0" wasn't a good example
